chore(docs): Adding the provisioning docs for dev environments (#3880)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/examples-tutorials/recipes/provisioning-developer-environment-cli.mdx

title: Automatically Provisioning a Developer Environment from the Tracetest CLI
description: Quickstart on how to use the Tracetest CLI to provision a fresh new Environment for a Developer joining an Organization
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - tracetest
  - trace-based testing
  - observability
  - distributed tracing
  - automation
  - privisioning
  - tracetest
  - cli
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/djwdcmwdz/image/upload/v1698686403/docs/Blog_Thumbnail_14_rsvkmo.jpg
---

:::info Version Compatibility
The features described here are compatible with the [Tracetest CLI v1.2.0](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/releases/tag/v1.2.0) and above.
:::

:::note
[Check out the source code on GitHub here.](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/provisioning-developer-environment-cli)
:::

[Tracetest](https://tracetest.io/) is a testing tool based on [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) that permits you to test your distributed application. It allows you to use the trace data generated by your OpenTelemetry tools to check and assert if your application has the desired behavior defined by your test definitions.

## Why is this important?

> The Developer expierence is one of the key values we always push forward at Tracetest. This enables teams to have a consistent and reliable way to onboard new developers to the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developer experience is one of the key values we always push forward at Tracetest. This enables teams to have a consistent and reliable way to onboard new developers.
```
